Clarity of thought--- Got clear understanding in the testing process starting from requirements phase to sign off. Done detailed testing intertems of scripting, mapping the test cases
execution and defects retesting. Particapted in many adhoc requests in various sprints from the client.


Communication---Had good communication with the client and also within the team members and different scrum tower members.

customer centricty--Had good oppurtuity working at client side which made me involve in all ways of interacting with them and performed all my repsonsibilites in timely manner
which got assigned to me

ENter behaviour--Learend to take challenges and making a detailed plan to execute them

Self awareness---Having positive strength in taking up the tasks and accomplishing within the deadlines. Making myself comfortable to strech and working in late hours to
fulufill the last minute adhoc tasks.

Team bul and team wo--- Got a very good oppurtunity working with Mobile App. Team was very helpful in understanding the business flows and architecture which helped me
to grow faster interms of work. 

Inno--- As i am working on Mobile app, involed in various levels of testing both in Manual and Automation which comprises of simulator and real devices.

Leader---Found myslef as a good leader in taking up the assigned tasks and also helped newbies in giving the KT

passion--As this is is a Mobile related project, i am so passionate in implmenting the ideas and also having zeal to learn new things in all possible ways.

Respect--Having immense respect towards everyone i've worked till now and i'll give the best.

CDI-- proud to be part of the mobile banking app which develop in timeframe of one year and it went live few days back. Both the cutsomer and the team were much impressed
with the work we did as part of the biggest assignment.

career--Flourished interms of all testing activities and Mobile automation helps to grow to next level

Code--Code qaulity was good 

DMI-- Part of the Mobile banking app which has been developed in very less timeframe and the quality of the app was outsatnding.

Design qu--Design seems very good and got a chance to involve in Design meetings
 Number of change req-- 6

no of pre sales  - 1

personal met cov-- not much involved in it

personal utili---made all my efforts in fulfilling the tasks in the assignments

produc---totally productive for the work done in this tenure


